docs(infrastructure): hosting.md update (#4518)
botpress/botpress: docs/guide/docs/advanced/hosting.md

## Overview

When you are ready to make your chatbot public, you should deploy it in production mode. Starting Botpress in production mode enables the botpress file system (BPFS) [(click here for more details)](versions) and debug logs are no longer displayed. We also **strongly** recommend using a PostgreSQL database instead of the embedded SQLite.

To enforce these changes, run the following commands in your command line program:

```bash
EXTERNAL_URL=<public_url> \
BP_PRODUCTION=true \
BPFS_STORAGE=database \
DATABASE_URL=postgres://login:password@host:port/database \
./bp
```

## Offline NLU Servers

> Botpress communicates with the NLU module's two services to work properly, namely Duckling and a Language Server. If your Botpress installation has **no internet** access, you'll have to host these services yourself. Let us look at how you can achieve this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Botpress needs to communicate with the NLU module's two services in order to work properly, namely Duckling and a Language Server. If your Botpress installation has **no internet** access, you'll have to host these services yourself. Let us look at how you can achieve this.
```

#### Installing Duckling
- **Linux and Mac**: You must compile Duckling to run correctly on your specific system. Therefore, you will need to install the software development tools and build Duckling from source.
  Please follow the instructions on the [GitHub page of Duckling](https://github.com/facebook/duckling). We may provide some binaries in the future for the common OS'.

- **Windows**: If you run Botpress on windows, there is a zip file available [here](https://s3.amazonaws.com/botpress-binaries/tools/duckling/duckling-windows.zip).
  Double-click on run-duckling.bat (the bat file sets the console's code page to UTF-8, then runs the executable). The folder `zoneinfo` includes the Olson timezones, which are already available by default on other OS.

#### How To Use
When you have the duckling binary, edit the file `data/global/config/nlu.json` and set the parameter `ducklingURL` to where you run Duckling, for example, if it's on the same server as Botpress (and if you use the default port of `8000`), you will set:
```js
{
  ...
  "ducklingURL": "http://localhost:8000"
}
```

### Language Server

> The Language Server is used to provide the language models necessary to run the NLU. Language models allow your bot to learn text representations and text classifiers.

Reviewer: bot === chatbot

botpress/server:$TAG
```

Choose to either run one of two containers (two containers are recommended).

> ### Running a Single Container

Reviewer: This section seems a bit light on explanation regarding running single container. Is there really not much to say?

Reviewer: Anything you should install before running a docker container?

}
```

> ### Securing your bot (HTTPS)

Reviewer: bot === chatbot
